So, with regards to what's called the silver bullet towards myself had
a silver bullet tour. I took a ship from my second ship from San Diego
to you. Just get your pad and then wind up living in Japan for much
closer to years. So as a result of that, I got a silver bullet.
I was allowed to go. That's why my soul So regarding that it was hard
shipped off. Anyone with a family doing that. So But you gotta think
it through, you know? So for two years of pain of living onboard
a ship that goes to Japan, you know what I get? Well, I got to go, Mom.
Hey, Capital for? Yeah, I met my wife there. That's a lot of four
that was learning the head. That was more of it on the ship while
I was out there. I got to see all hope was to Pacific. Had to see every
port there was. I crossed the line twice, three times, uh, four
guys came back out four times. Cross the line for five hours and I have
to see every port there. Waas, soas, faras, John Paul Jones and
seeing the Navy see the world. This is the cell